README.rst, before:

======
Hecate
======

Hecate is a Python 3 library for testing command line interfaces that make
interesting use of the terminal, e.g. through ncurses. Unlike tools like
expect or pexpect it runs a full blown terminal emulator (specifically, tmux)
behind the scenes, so you can take accurate snapshots of what your application
would look like when run by a real user.


Frequently Anticipated Questions
================================

----------------
Are you serious?
----------------

Not very, no. As a concept it works and works well, and I'm fully prepared to
maintain this if it proves popular, but this should be considered a semi
experimental which just happens to be orders of magnitude better than all of
the for serious mature projects you could be using instead.

----------------------------
Will you support Python 2.7?
----------------------------

No

--------
Why not?
--------

Because you shouldn't need it and I don't want to. Hecate scripts are stand
alone applications that interact with your program through its terminal
interface. You can easily test things written in any language you like,
including other versions of Python.

-------------------------------------
What versions of tox does it support?
-------------------------------------

My CI tests it on versions 1.6 through 2.0, so that's the officially supported
set. It probably works on earlier ones but I haven't tested and am not very
interested in doing so.

------------------------
Why is it called Hecate?
------------------------

It seemed appropriate to name a Selenium style tool for curses based
applications after `a goddess whose domain includes the moon and magic
<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hecate>`_.

-----------------
How does it work?
-----------------

Behind the scenes Hecate is spawning a tmux instance and running your command
with it along with a monitoring process so that we can report back the exit
code (after all, who would make a testing framework that didn't report the
standard mechanism for indicating errors back to you?). Hecate interacts with
the tmux server using its command line tools.

Commit message:

Give up on this documentation thing for now

README.rst, after:

======
Hecate
======

Hecate is a Python 3 library for testing command line interfaces that make
interesting use of the terminal, e.g. through ncurses. Unlike tools like
expect or pexpect it runs a full blown terminal emulator (specifically, tmux)
behind the scenes, so you can take accurate snapshots of what your application
would look like when run by a real user.

Usage
=====

Hecate is currently shall we say lightly documented (this is a euphemism for
undocumented). However `the tests <https://github.com/DRMacIver/hecate/blob/master/tests/test_hecate.py>`_
should work tolerably well as usage examples and there are reasonable docstrings
on `the implementation <https://github.com/DRMacIver/hecate/blob/master/src/hecate/hecate.py>`_.


Frequently Anticipated Questions
================================

----------------
Are you serious?
----------------

Not very, no. As a concept it works and works well, and I'm fully prepared to
maintain this if it proves popular, but this should be considered a semi
experimental which just happens to be orders of magnitude better than all of
the for serious mature projects you could be using instead.

----------------------------
Will you support Python 2.7?
----------------------------

No

--------
Why not?
--------

Because you shouldn't need it and I don't want to. Hecate scripts are stand
alone applications that interact with your program through its terminal
interface. You can easily test things written in any language you like,
including other versions of Python.

-------------------------------------
What versions of tox does it support?
-------------------------------------

My CI tests it on versions 1.6 through 2.0, so that's the officially supported
set. It probably works on earlier ones but I haven't tested and am not very
interested in doing so.

------------------------
Why is it called Hecate?
------------------------

It seemed appropriate to name a Selenium style tool for curses based
applications after `a goddess whose domain includes the moon and magic
<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hecate>`_.

-----------------
How does it work?
-----------------

Behind the scenes Hecate is spawning a tmux instance and running your command
with it along with a monitoring process so that we can report back the exit
code (after all, who would make a testing framework that didn't report the
standard mechanism for indicating errors back to you?). Hecate interacts with
the tmux server using its command line tools.
